When you think about your future career computer science could be one
of the funnest things that you can do. I know for me I took some english classes
in college and math classes and lots of other classes.
And the one that I actually wanted to do homework for, the one that
I finished the homework assignment and I wanted to keep working on it
afterwards despite what the you know, despite my grade, despite you
know like whether I did good on it or not, and despite whether I'd be
graded on it or not, it was computer science. That's one of the
only ones that affected me like that. If you want to maybe make your
own business with your laptop based on things that are in your mind,
things that you're coming up with on the fly, then computer science
would be a good choice. If you want to be in the music industry and
work on like different sounds and processes and, I guess computer
science has a has a big deal with music as well and movies as well.
My job for my major at University of Southern California is game development,
and as it turns out, games are actually more, turn out more
profit than movies nowadays. So if you like games, then computer science
could be the way to go as well.